Add architecture diagram and nlu/core description to Into (#6825)
RasaHQ/rasa: docs/docs/introduction.mdx

description: Learn more about open-source natural language processing library Rasa for conversation handling, intent classification and entity extraction in on premise chatbots.
abstract: Rasa is an open source machine learning framework for automated text and voice-based conversations. Understand messages, hold conversations, and connect to messaging channels and APIs.
---
import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';

> The diagram below provides an overview of the Rasa OSS architecture. The two primary

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The diagram below provides an overview of the Rasa Open Source architecture. The two primary
```

> components are Rasa NLU and Rasa Core.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
components are Natural Language Understanding (NLU) and the Dialogue Manager.
```

> **Rasa NLU** is the part of Rasa that performs Natural Language Understanding ([NLU](#nlu)), including

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NLU** is the part that performs
```

> intent classification and entity extraction. It's shown below as the *NLU Pipeline* because it processes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
intent classification, entity extraction, and response retrieval. It's shown below as the *NLU Pipeline* because it processes
```

> user utterances through the NLU model that was generated by the pipeline based on the training

Reviewer: ```suggestion
user utterances using an NLU model that is generated by the trained pipeline. 
```

> data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> **Rasa Core** is the dialogue engine that decides on what to do next in a conversation based on the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Dialogue Manager** is the dialogue engine that decides the next action in a conversation based on the
```
